# Privacy Policy regarding data processed by the UNIBITRA Mobile Application
---

## Definitions

### Application

Application is the mobile application UNIBITRA.

### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from, or contacted using those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). Examples of personal data include, but are not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, email address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data.

### Anonymous Data

Anonymous data is data that is not associated with or linked to Personal Data. Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons.

### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically and generated by the application during use regarding the performance, environment and so on of the running application.

### Application Settings

Application settings are values recorded by the application in order to correctly process information.

### Data Controller

Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller in regards to your Personal Data.

### Data Processors (Service Providers or Third Party)

Data Processor (or Service Provider or Third Party) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

### Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our application and is the subject of Personal Data.

---

## Types of Data We Collect

### Personal Data

We do NOT collect any personal data, or pass on any personal data to third parties.

### Anonymous Data

The application stores anonymous data on your device. These are the data points for the measurements you chose to record. These are not transmitted to us, or to any third parties. 

### Usage Data

We do NOT collect any usage information, or pass on any usage information to third parties. 

### Application settings

The application stores application settings on your device. These relate to the algorithms used by the application to provide statical analysis in the app. These are not transmitted to us, or to any third parties. 

---

## Purposes of required Permissions

### Use Biometric permission

The application requsts use of the finger print reader, if available, to secure your access to the app. 

### Use Write exernal storage permission

The application requests use of extenal storage access. This enables the app to call the built in Andriod SHARE tray, so you can share the full report graph with your chosen care provider. 

---

Provided by JacksonSoft 2022

---
